hey everybody another editor filling in
for simple here we just wanted you guys
to know about the face masks we've got
on crowd man we've got a couple of
different designs and it's all for a
good cause basically for every mass
purchased on crowd made they'll be
donating a reusable mass to medical
workers and proceeds will be used for
the manufacturing and delivery of those
charity masks so if you want a reusable
mask with a cool design on it you'd be
doing a good thing by buying one
all right I'll give you guys some fog
car class content until the Cure ends
them
I played this in [__] Trevor I'm
pretty pumped to be playing this right
now but I think my brains gonna [__]
start melting into like slow mode I'm
gonna change my title to card quest POG
elite edition parenthesis X X X Turbo
dude
no [__] way I don't remember what I
did on this game laughs there's no way
I'm gonna have any idea where to go to
make progress honest answers right like
if you saw this game for 10 seconds you
would think this was a [__] amazing
game right you wouldn't see this and be
like that looks terrible unless he
watched it for about half a minute or
used a check to control the card
oh my [__] [__] my whole ass I did
not just spend 200 points to go back to
this goddamn means life feels like it
couldn't be worse right now I I finished
this right like I know him played this
game a long time and I know no one gives
a [__] about the state of my progression
on this game but someone [__] tell me
that I did this means I had to have
finish this I remember making actual
progress now when I actually make some
progress I like the idea that one day
I'll beat this game in 1 minute
increments no please tell me you were
back with the maze boys the only thing
holding this game back from being a game
that I love is one no more [__] maids
please can you get me can you get me out
of this goddamn hell and the controls
are pretty dog [__] literally if the
controls were good this easily goes from
a $1 game to a 5 cell I gave the kid I'm
telling you the concept is sick
yeah okay one day the one day dude I'm
gonna be like I beat CARQUEST and
everyone will have to have pretend I
didn't say anything
35 minutes to get over there dude I
wanted to make genuine progress today I
I really hate that I'm up here you know
it's just [__] these again you know
what I'm opening the queue we're [__]
playing CARQUEST all day we're playing
this [__] game until I can't handle
it anyway
shits going down dude we're beating this
[__] I so here's my main grape right
like why why they're not a return portal
if it not bad enough that I came here
and spent 200 dildos to even access this
location could that not have been
punishment enough for the fact that I'm
still here again so world record is an
hour and seven minutes dude what the
[__]
we're watching that someday today is not
debate and maybe never
but one day we're watching I like the
idea of an optimized speedrun for a game
like this being done by like a
ten-year-old and like they're the only
person that's ever ran the game though
like everything there are no tricks or
skips everything is just like they just
drive through this means 11 times that's
that fitting for what I imagine that car
club speedrun would look like second
place was over two hours let's [__]
go do Timmy and little brother holding
down the leaderboard I want an official
endorsement and the guy who makes this
or I'd like to give one to him I could
just talk [__] about maids levels yeah I
did that on purpose
what's that I have to go all the way
around again this this is not good level
of design let me tell you there's
nothing fun about this I want to get to
a new level so you guys can see that
while this game blows it's isn't all
mazes
the level did make me pay to egg that
the level it's like when they offer you
a $100 giftcard for spending three
hundred dollars
it's kind of a sick deal in some context
but at best it's a mail-in rebate my god
I'm saying I'm the greatest player in
the [__] world I don't think I'm ever
supposed to be where I am I have entered
a world of disappointment and probably
unhappiness oh wait no dead end oh I
found some [__] yeah are they doing the
skipping where you uh I'm still I'm
still stuck here oh my god wait hold on
was this like a can you hear that can
you hear that i softlocked my whole face
file probably are my eyes deceiving me a
complete blunder by the world's dumbest
[__] I'm okay maybe main menu sets me
somewhere else
this is hella hella pogcham I can just
warp back but I if I respawn in that
little [__] box Simon and we really
upset did you buy cart quest and you try
to speedrun it uh no because if you buy
cart quest I have to see me and start
speedrunning it you have been influenced
by me the influencer and me are you
really okay with that that's something
you're okay with now I don't give a [__]
do it everyone
that's right we call that a one
millisecond time save I did open this
wall though I think I sequence broke
[__] I think inherently this is just a
terrible game I think the concept of the
game is a [__] plus it's like
everything that I love about means but
this really is Drive here drives there
drive here challenging jump nope long
bubble it's like it really is just an
unfortunate genre clash for me even if I
was fully confident and where to go
which I'm very very not I don't think I
would be having the greatest time
necessarily I'm going to suck my own
[__] dick and balls before I ever
find where to go I have found where to
go wait is this doing something what
that wall dirty down I just been over
there for 30 minutes I don't [__]
understand at all
this is atrophic it shows you the last
thing you did oh that would've been
awesome before I see Chris broke you've
got the butch categories around me three
let me fix it that way all the people
searching car quests can find my game or
find my stream I didn't make this game
all right you got me fine [__] it I made
this game that's why I always scream I'm
trying to earn that revenue I remember
something something over here it's
probably my current motive apparatus oh
my god what's going on over there kind
of dragons hold up boys and gals this
game has more than we thought it did
I don't know if those were making
organoids or if the song was you guess
have I been down here before this is
this is not it's not hitting me with any
memories I'll tell you that
please please please please leadership
progress oh my god it's real drive all
the way back around where you came from
to get the theme how we're doing this I
know I know you guys are gonna I'm gonna
look at chat [__] banana and they're
gonna say why oh hey I wanna know - yeah
this is the right spot
why all right I'll stop [__] around
I'm sorry I couldn't help it do the whoo
the whales make really cool sounds why
dude I wanted to jump it okay dude [__]
my whole misdirected ass oh my god it's
a well I'm jumping on this thing dude I
would have made it if the whale was
still here you gonna see some sick [__]
I'm done [__] pretending I'm not the
best alright telling you boys instant
salvation I pull this off I really
should just go back to where I was here
we go hit the speed first then start
wall writing and I in what [__] world
okay new idea new idea new India I get I
get like max speed I start drifting I
let the boost go and then I slam into
the wall with with the side of my car oh
the plan dude don't deny me dude oh I'm
understanding how this works
I swear I'm getting it I [__] I I'm
I'm understanding it so much more and
more I might get flagged for going out
of mountains but I won't feel like I
didn't succeed if it happens try to let
the bus go right for a touch
almost if I had done it at the right
time that would be exact like what I
needed happen how shitty would it be if
there was an invisible wall honestly I
can go over there and like three of my
own dad's can pop out and tell me to go
[__] myself and like I'm no matter I
don't think there's anything over there
that doesn't make me feel successful
just for pulling it off I thought that
would be I thought we were all about the
Popoff dude
I'm killing it there's this moment where
you get really close doing something
it literally is your best attempt yet
and it doesn't look like it's possible
I've experienced that moment many times
in my life and it [__] it is you
start to feel like everything you doing
it's hopeless
the come cause for Laki starts coming in
real hot I'm losing hope that I will
ever get this alright here's an idea
what if I boost get a ton of speed and
then trying to ride the wall instead of
using my boost to propel me further
through the air uh yeah I think that
that is the [__] method because I
tried it once and definitely look like
I'd clear the urge to late hit the wall
spending the time to learn how this
works is gonna make the other elements
of this game [__] broken if I can
replicate the sort of stuff
so [__] close okay I don't know guys
I don't know if ever gonna happen
[Music]
okay nevermind can we add this with
another [__] checkmark in the amount
of times where I've given up almost all
hope and then finally I'm allowed to
succeed and we we check that out are
these things unchecking themselves but
am I supposed to hit all these very
quickly I don't think I'm winning I
don't know I think I'm just supposed to
hit them all quick enough but I'm not
going quick enough this is actually if
this is what I'm supposed to be doing
this is probably the coolest challenge
I've seen in this game yet I'm getting
really close I'm chasing my mistakes
this is actually pretty sick I really
like this section I'm gonna be honest
until I find out that what I'm supposed
to do something else then I'll be pissed
oh I might still be missing one I hate
life dude that was the coolest thing
I've ever seen in this game and the
coolest thing I've ever [__] seen I
think I'm going over here to check this
out finally
that noise was a hell of fitting for me
balling foliage I can't go out I don't
know what I'm supposed to be doing now I
don't know the game wants me to do I
should say maybe I'm supposed to do the
jump from below but this game hasn't had
like any jumps yet so kind of strikes me
the unintended there's no [__] way
the game would ever ever expect me to
build up speed in this tiny little [__]
and make it over there I'm just missing
something certainly yeah I don't know I
don't know this I thought this area
would unlock a whole [__] world for
me and I don't know what to do at all
I don't know what the [__] to do you
know what [__] it [__] it right like
just go over the wall never did use that
ramp to jump to it oh yeah yeah yeah
sure hold on wait this might actually
try this earlier doesn't even get
collected the baby game really took me
an hour to figure that out Oh car quest
if he real I think it's up here how'd my
love Mark's voice dude that's not gay
right you can't [__] the voices dick oh
so it's not gay I don't even want to
cheese dude the fact of the matter is
that the game is so goddamn confusing
that you just you end up trying to
achieve anything because you just want
to face progress even if it's cheater
progress I know exactly where I'm
actually supposed to go two to three
hundred minutes of thought have gone
into the
but wait what is there nothing up here
hold on alright alright
I know did you I know - do I keep
forgetting it this is a thing this is
actually so useful down here and make
out where the [__] the level of
environment change occurred I swear it
looked way higher less and that just
over here how do I get over there I'm
I'm lost
this looks really close okay I supposed
to come down here there we go all make
sense now
I'm excited for world Maker I don't know
yet I'm excited to see what it brings to
the table good yeah I'm gonna [__] up
most [__] up thing I'm not the leak
dm3 now I asked Joel if he wanted to
make a world for each other he could say
no yeah but he didn't say anything and
that he hosted me today so you don't
like this he clearly clearly knows like
this I got left on red and then he
[__] hosted me which is like a huge
kind thing to do to somebody how am I
supposed to feel dude I have conflicting
emotions it's like I wanted my dad to go
to my baseball game but he just paid for
my tuition instead very mixed emotions
maybe I just jumped right here and it
works I'm so [__] I'm gonna try to be
jumping here that is what you do no
wonder why it was so [__] confusing
alright well wait this fish put on hold
on let's pretend that I fell not because
I sucked balls but because I saw that
there are now fish here that when we're
not here before that's kind of sick dude
the whales are back the fish are back
I'm gonna lose 25 mourners bulbs if I
jump over I'm gonna fall come really I
haven't gone through a [__] portal I
haven't left the hub a single goddamn
time
in the last hour except to go back to
the maze that I had already beaten I'm
gonna lose my mind if I don't get to a
[__] level soon all right what about
here I have to offer it's so peaceful
I hope Godzilla lands on my
[__] card to undermine what that man
just said to me it was a push block I
[__] you knew it was it looking back
like I knew this [__] mmm I love
this level design where if I go to the
right side instead of the left side I
have to start my entire game over all
right Nolan you hear that [__] we're
flashing back to that after has been an
hour in global format
[Music]
okay hold on this might might be the
sickest thing I've seen in this game yet
this is this is genuinely that's a
concept anyone else get the vibe that
this level is why the controls Bluff
there's one level required engine
changes to be possible and the whole
game suffered holy [__] yeah that was
yep the only cool level that I have
played in this game ends after 30
seconds but I've spent half an hour to
an hour in the maze before buddy I know
what the artifact does I have done this
500 times already in this game as well
as a bunch of optional ones look you
guys are calling me toxic or whatever
but I think in the goddamn only concept
the game has mansplain to me the entire
duration I've played it so you're you're
the toxic one really I think I know
where that is I think I do I think I do
what am I gonna play Mario Galaxy for
the first time ever I I hear rumors that
it could be on the switch soon maybe
I'll play it I don't even know how good
it's gonna be on the switch how the [__]
would you how would you like it the pack
healer homie I don't listen to anything
you said because I'm pretty sure the
solution
drive over all the blocks oh I need to
do it quickly am i doing it in the wrong
direction or I'm just not doing it good
enough am I supposed to do this like
hold on let me try in the other
direction do I have any good yo mama
jokes there is no such thing as a good
your mama joke the best thing you could
do with that format is like once maybe
maybe twice a year if you talk to the
same people every day you might be able
to get them with like an egregious your
mom like that that's best case scenario
there is not a funny your mom joke there
just isn't the only chance you have is
that you get someone off guard I know
yeah I'm gonna go trick it up I put a
lot of thought into some of my jokes
your mom jokes are just the lowest form
of comedy it's up there yeah it was so
impressive yeah it was awesome hi just
drove in a straight line like that can't
[__] believe Evel Knievel is back to
push one button like my jokes are almost
always bad they're kind of an art form
in my opinion there are a lot of leaking
jokes people do where they get someone
but that's not getting someone getting
someone is having a conversation with
Marcus about good time dragon for three
hours and pretending it's a video game
until someone bites and adds what's good
time dragon that is a [__] awesome
joke you you you can't believe if that
happens to you you're like all I did was
try and be interested in what my friends
were talking about and I got I got butt
[__] for it that is the only good like
people people like really really easy
wins but there is no good win unless you
[__] earn it what is good time drag
good times dragon my balls I I had a I
had a licking joke in the works
it was extremely meta I didn't want to
tell you guys because besting barbecue
was my he was basically the victim I've
been working on it for a really long
time but I give up now I can see that
vesting BBQ has been gotten by me so
many times that I will probably never
get him again he doesn't engage any
it's like it's like practicing a really
good game and you learn everything not
to do as you gain more and more
experience that's what makes you a pro I
have turned vesting into a pro you will
never be tricked again unless you have a
lot of context where like you're a new
friend
you're nothing but nice to them like
that's that's the only way you get them
the days of me getting vesting with a
ligament joke or long [__] gone
there's nothing I can do it'll never
happen again
but I will explain to you the joke
concept because it's [__] genius and
you ever gonna hear it and be like holy
[__] I can't believe no one's ever
thought of this you have to be in a
voice call with multiple people
someone has to save something that is an
unusual word you have to pretend laughs
yeah
Evan you have to be like Messi do you
ever hear that liquid juice and he's
supposed to go which one he says which
one you're [__] in because your
answer is lick my balls baby bring it
all the way back to the very basic form
of liquid but it's so meta it's so
[__] great i i I've been trying to
get messing with it for like a month I
have been able to get like five other
people five other people in the span of
me trying to get vesting have asked me
which one and I didn't take it because
they were not the intended targets that
is how you have a good ligament joke
that is how you actually are satisfied
with the result of the [__] words you
say there's nothing funny about getting
someone with a jomama that's not funny
there's nothing good there's no poise
you got to earn them if you want to feel
good about them in my opinion this one
looks [__] crazy-looking it's it's
[__] great I swear I'm gonna stretch
Dina all over Twitter or in [__] because
the concept is brand new
no one's been doing it yet I see a lot
of dumb asses done on my chat none of
them have been trying to bait me and
asked me which like mine it's so good
what the [__] do I do
alright I'm enabling back seating if you
have of any [__] clue I can get up
there I can actually get up there oh
never mind I can imagine that this is
the solution
I drove around that thing 8000 times see
yet another [__] case of the moment
you give up the answer is revealed or it
works or whatever the case is the moment
you give up dude
it's like k will give it to him ya don't
have to overcomplicate it
Oh interesting Wow I think I know what
that thing in the corner does I think it
shows you the last move you made which
is actually for broseph what are you
doing
that a whole [__] dude is that
that humph looking [__] that's
been talking to me forever oh [__] what
this level is literally just collect 40
puzzle pieces so that you can collect
one puzzle piece that has a every
[__] level every every part of this
game is Lisa
you're joking grant Kingman's oh this is
really happening
this is happening to me right now the
Fallen Kings have spoken okay thank you
for that
no luck tastic deed okay hold on hold on
I don't want to stop with yet let me let
me look at that because I think that's
where I cheesed into earlier so I want
to know I think that I achieved into
that location earlier I'm gonna be like
confused about what to do now yeah there
wasn't there wasn't a wall or there was
a wall there before but I had jumped
over I achieved it I have no idea what
I'm supposed to do now because I feel
like I just went into a loop I got to
the level that brought me here I think
it's just time to stop playing with for
now
[Music]